[OSDOCS-11701]: Adding custom taints and tolerations docs to HCP (#81450)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-virt-taints-tolerations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-prepare/hcp-distribute-workloads.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="hcp-virt-taints-tolerations_{context}"]
= Custom taints and tolerations

For {hcp} on {VirtProductName}, by default, pods for a hosted cluster tolerate the `control-plane` and `cluster` taints. However, you can also use custom taints on nodes so that hosted clusters can tolerate those taints on a per-hosted-cluster basis by setting `HostedCluster.spec.tolerations`.

:FeatureName: Passing tolerations for a hosted cluster
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

.Example configuration
[source,yaml]
----
  spec:
    tolerations:
    - effect: NoSchedule
      key: kubernetes.io/custom
      operator: Exists
----

You can also set tolerations on the hosted cluster while you create a cluster by using the `--tolerations` hcp CLI argument.

.Example CLI argument
[source,terminal]
----
--toleration="key=kubernetes.io/custom,operator=Exists,effect=NoSchedule"
----

> For fine granular control of hosted cluster pod placement on a per-hosted-cluster basis, use custom tolerations with `nodeSelectors`. You can co-locate groups of hosted clusters and isolate them from other hosted clusters. You can also place hosted clusters in infra and master nodes.

Reviewer: IMHO, we should add the note
```
Tolerance only spreads all the control-plane’s pods. The infrastructure and workload pods triggered by creating the node pool (importers, virt-launcher, etc.) are not part of the control-plane and will not be subject to spread tolerance.
```
@davidvossel @tiraboschi Could you help me check if the note I added is appropriate?

Reviewer 2: I'd try to be more generic:
```
Tolerations set on the hosted-cluster will only spreads to the control-plane’s pods. Other pods running on the management cluster and infrastructure related pods such as the pods needed to run VMs should be eventually configured by other means.
```

Author: @tiraboschi @LiangquanLi930 Would this revision work?
`Tolerations on the hosted cluster spread only to the pods of the control plane. To configure other pods that run on the management cluster and infrastructure-related pods, such as the pods to run VMs, you need to use a different process.`

Reviewer: looks good

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-prepare/hcp-distribute-workloads.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="hcp-virt-taints-tolerations_{context}"]
= Custom taints and tolerations

For {hcp} on {VirtProductName}, by default, pods for a hosted cluster tolerate the `control-plane` and `cluster` taints. However, you can also use custom taints on nodes so that hosted clusters can tolerate those taints on a per-hosted-cluster basis by setting `HostedCluster.spec.tolerations`.

:FeatureName: Passing tolerations for a hosted cluster
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

.Example configuration
[source,yaml]
----
  spec:
    tolerations:
    - effect: NoSchedule
      key: kubernetes.io/custom
      operator: Exists
----

> You can also set tolerations on the hosted cluster while you create a cluster by using the `--tolerations` hcp CLI argument.

Reviewer 3: Should hcp be in backticks if it's the name of the CLI?
```suggestion
You can also set tolerations on the hosted cluster while you create a cluster by using the `--tolerations` `hcp` CLI argument.
```

Author: Good question. Yes, we typically format the hcp CLI name in backticks.

.Example CLI argument
[source,terminal]
----
--toleration="key=kubernetes.io/custom,operator=Exists,effect=NoSchedule"
----

> For fine granular control of hosted cluster pod placement on a per-hosted-cluster basis, use custom tolerations with `nodeSelectors`. You can co-locate groups of hosted clusters and isolate them from other hosted clusters. You can also place hosted clusters in infra and master nodes.

Reviewer 3: Just wanted to check - is "master" here totally necessary for technical accuracy, or can some other term be used? I think we're supposed to avoid that term whenever possible.

Author: Good catch! I think that can be changed to "control plane".

> Tolerations on the hosted cluster spread only to the pods of the control plane. To configure other pods that run on the management cluster and infrastructure-related pods, such as the pods to run VMs, you need to use a different process.

Reviewer 3: Slight suggestion - although VM is sort of well defined already and plenty of people know what it means, I would recommend spelling it out on its first instance in a section:
```suggestion
Tolerations on the hosted cluster spread only to the pods of the control plane. To configure other pods that run on the management cluster and infrastructure-related pods, such as the pods to run virtual machines, you need to use a different process.
```

Author: Fixed
